Replace yarn and create-react-app with npm and vite (#6)
AdaGold/full-stack-inspiration-board: README.md

1. Send your Slack check-in message
1. Ensure that git is up-to-date
1. Run the front-end server with `$ npm run dev` from the project root

> 1. In another terminal, run the back-end server with `$ FLASK_ENV=development flask run` from its project root

Reviewer: I see another instance of the old Flask debug command in the section below and in the back end set up instructions in `one-time-project-setup.md`. If there are any other places in the docs where we show the command to run Flask in development/debug mode, they should be updated to use `flask run --debug`

```suggestion
1. In another terminal, run the back-end server with `$ flask run --debug` from its project root
```
